=================================================
Project: Group Project 09
Meeting: Wednesday Project Meeting

Persons present: All present except Peter Licinski (still no contact with group)

Place and date of meeting: C57a, Llandinam Wednesday 13th February 2019 09:00

Circulation list: All project members + project manager
Author: Brandon Watkinson
Date of minutes: 13th February 2019
Version 1.1

Matters arising
===============
1. People to attend GitLab workshop.
Action: ffz, bew46, rur7


New business
============
2. UI: Begin design spec of both desktop and android app. Brainstorm potential usecases and include features within design spec from usecases
Action: bew46, bej31

3. Architecture: Rough object model of the java classes and objects that are to be needed. Begin looking into which libraries would be most suitable for purpose
Action: brw20, rur7

4. Testing: Rough idea for a test spec. Work with UI to base tests on usecases. 
Action: sil19, ffz

5. JavaFX: Work with UI to create mock-ups.
Action: bew46, bej31, rfs11

AOB
===
None.